[APPLAUSE]
>> MIRA MURATI: Hi everyone.
Thank you, thank you.  It is
great to have you here today.
Today, I am going to talk about
three things.  That is it.  We
will start with why it is so
important to us to have a
product that we can make truly
available and broadly available
to everyone.  And we are always
trying to find out ways to
reduce friction.  So everyone
can use ChatGPT wherever they
are.  Today, we will be
releasing the desktop version
of ChatGPT and to make it
simpler to use and much more
natural as well.  But the big
news today is that we are
launching our new flagship
model.  And we are calling it
GPT-4o.  Best thing about
GPT-4o is it brain GPT-4
intelligence to everyone
including our free users.  We
will be showing some live demos
today to show the full extent
of the capabilities of our new
model.  And we will be rolling
them out over the next few
weeks.  So let's get started.
A very important part of our
mission is to be able to make
our advanced AI tools available
to everyone for free.  We think
it is very, very important that
people having for what the
technology can do.  We really
want to pair it with its
broader understanding.  And
were always finding ways to
reduce the friction.  Recently,
we made ChatGPT available
without the sign-up flow.
Today, we are also bringing the
best to ChatGPT.  We want you
to be able to use it wherever
you are.  As you can see it is
easy, simple, it integrates
very, very easily in your
workflow.  Along with it, we
have also refreshed the UI.  We
note that this model get more
and more complex.  But we want
the experience of interaction
to actually become more
natural, easy, and for you not
to focus on the UI at all but
focus on the collaboration of
ChatGPT.  And now the big news.
Today, we are releasing our
newest flagship model this is
GPT-4o.  [APPLAUSE]
GPT-4o provides GPT-4
intelligence but it is much
faster.  And it improves on its
capabilities across text,
vision, and audio.  For the
past couple of years, we have
been very focused on improving
the intelligence of this model
is.  And they have gotten
pretty good.  But this is the
first time that we are really
making a huge step forward when
it comes to the ease of use.
This is incredibly important
because we are looking at the
future of interaction between
ourselves and the machines.  We
think that GPT-4o is really
shifting the paradigm into the
future of collaboration.  It is
natural and far easier.  Making
this happen is actually quite
complex.  When we interact with
one another there is a lot of
stuff that we take for granted.
You know the ease of our
dialogue when we interrupt
another, the background noises,
the multiple voices in a
conversation and understanding
the tone of voice.  All of
these things are quite complex.
Until now with voice mode, we
had three models that come
together to deliver this
experience.  We have
transcription, intelligence,
and text to speech all comes
together and orchestration to
deliver voice mode.  This also
brings a lot of latency to the
experience and it really breaks
the immersion in the
collaboration with ChatGPT.
But now with GPT-4o this all
happens natively.  GPT-4o
reasons across voice, text, and
vision.  And with this
incredible efficiencies, it
also allows us to bring the
GPT-4o intelligence to our free
users.  This is something we
have been trying to do for
many, many months.  And we are
very, very excited to finally
bring GPT-4o to all of our users.